# CS320
Projects from CS320 - Software Testing and Automation

One of the most effective ways to ensure anyone's code, program, or software functions as intended and is considered secure begins at first defining what it should do. Through the creation of requirements, the project can be started with a clear understanding of what it should do, how it should work, what is considered expected behavior, and to what degree it must be secure. Once clear requirements have been established and the code developed, testing provides the crucial service of ensuring everything works as expected. Testing is an important stage of any project, whether that include manual, automated, or integration testing. Unit tests provide an effective way to ensure sections of code can handle errors appropriately, call on other methods, and prohibit specific user input that could be dangerous. Just as requirements are essential for ensuring the project can proceed in a clear direction, it is also important to consider other factors when creating a testing system for a program. 

Understanding user needs plays an important role in the creation of requirements as well as a testing system. Testing, especially automated testing, provides an opportunity to ensure the program behaves as expected, performs as intended, and can achieve the tasks that would most benefit its users. As such, understanding user needs and incorporating them into a project improves the success of code, software, or program. Researching the types of users that are most likely to use the application provides a range of use cases that would be most important to consider when working on updates or features. User Research also pairs with creating user stories, which present a specific type of user that needs to accomplish something with the program. These two methods of interpretation present ways to interpret user needs and establish popular feature requests that can be broken into projects or sprints. 

Designing software can manifest in any number of ways, as seen by the many methods of project management that exist in field of software development. There are Agile methods, waterfall methods, SCRUM, Kanban, etc., all of which aim to implement a system of planning, design, communication, execution, and implementation. Regardless of the system selected, it's important to start any project with a clear understanding of what the program must do, which can be achieved through creating requirements. Once requirements have been agreed upon, user research and user stories help determine features and such. From there, iterative development should be followed wit frequent and consistent testing until completed. 
